In the upcoming lectures, I will cover the basics of spring data you see before we jump to spring guitarist
is to develop the recipes you need to have the basic knowledge of GP.
Now it may be possible that you are already aware of Jibia, then that's completely fine.
You can skip this section and jump to the next one.
But here you need to understand one thing OK, you are already aware of Depew, but it may be possible
that other people who are taking this course are not aware of.
So for them, I'm covering the basics of GP, so I hope you will understand this, OK?
If you already know Jibia that Spain jump to the next six, and for those who are not aware of it,
I will just cover the basics of GP.
See, GP was completely separate topic.
OK, so it's not possible to cover all things about GP in this course.
So I will just cover the basics of GP and then we will jump to spring guitarist.
Now, before we jump to spring AGP, let me give you a short introduction about it.
So here GPA stands for Java Persistence API.
The main purpose of GPA is to deal with any of the sequel databases, be it Michael Equal or equal Postgres
or any of those sequel database to perform the grand operations or the particular table from $0 application
or the Springwood Application, write the sequel queries, right?
But what if we don't want to write the sequel queries in our spring board application?
So there comes JP using the GPA.
We can avoid the sequel queries in our spring wood application while working with GPA.
There are two important things.
One is Entity Glass and another one is a repository.
See, each IPO cycle table will be represented by Entity Glass and inside the Entity Glass.
You will be having the fields and that will represent the columns that you have inside the particular
table.
Okay, and for each entity glass, you will be having one repository.
So this is the V.
For the second table, you will be having the Entity Glass and water entity glass.
You will be having one repository.
So using this entity, glass and repository, you can perform the crud operations or the particular
table that you have in your second database.
While working with Libya, whenever you need to refer to the table, you will refer to the entity Glass.
And whenever you need to refer to the particular column, you will refer to the particular field that
you have inside your entity glass.
Don't worry how to hold the entity glass and how to use the repository.
All the things you will learn in the upcoming lectures.
In the upcoming lectures, you will learn how to perform the Kroto operations using spring.
That.
Yes, this is the introduction to Jibia and will proceed further in the next lecture.
Thank you very much.